setup rn v14.0.2 (#2190)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v14.0.2.md

This feature is particularly useful to share metadata outside the Data Catalog, such as for offline analysis and for third-party stakeholders that may not have access to the Data Catalog instance itself.  
It is possible to perform export **from asset detail pages** or directly **from search results**.  

:::info
Export feature is supported starting by versions:
* Fabric BFF - v0.3.4
* Open Lineage - v0.3.8
* Job Runner - v0.2.2
* Data Catalog Frontend - v0.3.4
* Fabric Admin - v0.5.3

Then, two new routes have been introduced:
* GET `/assets/export`
* POST `/assets/export/init`

For more information, check the Data Catalog [compatibility matrix](/data_catalog/compatibility_matrix.md).
:::

Check the full list of capabilities of export feature in the specific [documentation page](/data_catalog/frontend/data_catalog_assets.mdx#export-metadata).

## Marketplace

### Marketplace Updates

#### Oauth Login Site 8.1.3

Oauth Login Site is now available as a Marketplace plugin. Check the [documentation](/runtime_suite/oauth-login-site/10_overview.md) and service [changelog](/runtime_suite/oauth-login-site/changelog.md) for more details.

> 
> ##### Fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This feature is particularly useful to share metadata outside the Data Catalog, such as for offline analysis and for third-party stakeholders that may not have access to the Data Catalog instance itself.  
It is possible to perform export **from asset detail pages** or directly **from search results**.  

:::info
Export feature is supported starting by versions:
* Fabric BFF - v0.3.4
* Open Lineage - v0.3.8
* Job Runner - v0.2.2
* Data Catalog Frontend - v0.3.4
* Fabric Admin - v0.5.3

Then, two new routes have been introduced:
* GET `/assets/export`
* POST `/assets/export/init`

For more information, check the Data Catalog [compatibility matrix](/data_catalog/compatibility_matrix.md).
:::

Check the full list of capabilities of export feature in the specific [documentation page](/data_catalog/frontend/data_catalog_assets.mdx#export-metadata).

## Marketplace

### Marketplace Updates

#### Oauth Login Site 8.1.3

Oauth Login Site is now available as a Marketplace plugin. Check the [documentation](/runtime_suite/oauth-login-site/10_overview.md) for more details.

##### Fixed

#### FHIR Adapter 1.2.0

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `vX.X.X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v14.2.3-beta.0`.
```
